feat: #145 try to convert non-string-tags to strings (#146)
influxdata/influxdb-client-php: CHANGELOG.md

## 3.5.0 [unreleased]

> 1. [#146](https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb-client-php/pull/146): Try to convert non-string-tags to strings, throw an exception if a value cannot be converted

Reviewer: Please, correct the CHANGELOG.md:

```suggestion
### Bug Fixes
1. [#146](https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb-client-php/pull/146): Try to convert non-string-tags to strings, generate a warning if a value cannot be converted
```
